Bill, slow down, please.
Stop this. You're scaring me.
I'm sorry.
She promised she was just
gonna look in the window.
I know I made a mistake,
but they're her family.
She is a vampire. She has no family.
I'm a monster and I'm gonna
be alone forever because of you.
I hate you so fucking much.
-Be quiet.
-Eat shit.
I said, be quiet!
You undermined my authority
as her maker.
You risked those peoples' safety
and your own.
lfl had not glamoured them within an inch
of their sanity, our lives would be shattered.
-I know. I'm sorry.
-You keep saying that!
And I am expected to what?
Forget this ever happened?
What else would you like me to say?
I knew when she asked me to take her
I should say no...
...but all I could think about was Gran
and what I'd give to see her again.
That does not give you license
to behave like an irresponsible child!
She is a loaded gun, Sookie.
Not a doll for you to dress up
and play with.
-What are you doing?
-Walking.
Don't be ridiculous.
Bon Temps is nearly 20 miles away.
I'd rather walk all night than spend
another second in that car with you.
She wants you to go after her.
And she wants you to go after her
and kiss her...
...and tell her that you love her.
She will come back.
When she calms down...
...she will come back.
Bill?
If you're trying to scare me so I get back
into that car with you, it isn't gonna work.
What the--?
SooMe!
SooMe.
What did this to you?
Bull-- Human--
I couldn't see.
Bill, I can't move.
SooMe.SooMe.
Oh, gross.
Get the car, now!
-Drive straight home.
-I wanna go with you.
As your maker, I command you.
Sam?
Yeah?
l'm short.
I went over it three times.
I don't know what happened--
How much?
Sixty-four dollars and, like, eight cents.
Goddamn it, Daphne,
you're gonna have to pay for it.
I'm sorry, but this is a business.
There.
That's all the tips that I made tonight...
...so I'm just gonna have
to owe you the rest.
Fuck.
You can't expect her to learn if you don't
give her positive reinforcement.
-Tara, not now.
-l'm serious.
Nobody succeeds at anything in life
unless somebody believes in them.
Let me guess. Maryann say that?
What is it with you and Maryann?
What's she ever done to you...
...other than just drop almost
$300 in your bar tonight?
I don't want her in here anymore.
And if I were you,
I'd stay the hell away from her.
-You don't even know this person.
-Neither do you.
-What kind of doctor are you?
-The healing kind.
l'm Dr. Ludwig, what's your--?
SooMe.
Sookie Stackhouse.
-Am I dying?
-Yes.
No, she cannot die. You will save her.
Back off, vampire. Let me do my job.
Forgive him. Bill is abnormally
attached to this human.
Well, we don't have a lot of choices,
she's been poisoned.
You ever heard of Komodo dragons?
Their mouths are teeming with bacteria.
After one has bitten you,
it will track you for hours, days...
...just waiting for the toxins to slowly
eat away at your nervous system...
...till you're good and helpless,
then it will devour you alive.
l was scratched by a dragon?
No, but this poison is similar,
but way more efficient.
Don't think I've seen it.
It's hard to tell without testing...
...and we don't have that kind of time.
Give us some privacy.
I need to remove her clothing.
I will be just outside.
I am so sorry.
She's running out of time,
Mr. Compton.
-Head of a bull.
-That's what she said.
It was dark. It all happened in seconds.
So you didn't see this bull man?
-No.
-And you gave her your blood?
It didn't work.
-You ever heard of anything like this?
-Surprisingly, no.
Pam. Chow.
I thought in over a thousand years
I'd seen everything there was to see.
Search the woods around Highway 71.
He can do it.
I'm wearing my favorite pumps.
She is extremely lazy...
...but loyal.
How's yours? Jessica.
Petulant. Dangerous. Afraid.
I'm glad to see you two are bonding.
Being a good maker is very rewarding.
-l have to get back to Sookie.
-Oh, relax.
Dr. Ludwig treated one of Pam's humans
when he was mauled by a werewolf.
Lost an eye, but othen/vise he's fine.
-What are you doing to her?
-Hold her down!
Or let her die, your choice.
Stop!
You're so warm.
And I'm so cold.
-Eddie.
-What are you doing here, Jason?
I thought we were friends.
You're fucking dead. I saw you die.
This ain't real. This ain't real.
Does this feel real?
Dear God...
...you gotta help me out, because...
...I don't know what's right
and wrong no more.
Maybe I never did.
Just--
God, please.
Please, give me another sign.
Because”.
...l'm lost.
I'm so fucking lost.
There's your sign.
Now shut up.
Some of us are trying to sleep in here.
You can give her blood now.
Her body should accept it.
Mine is much stronger. Allow me.
Never.
Sookie, can you hear me?
You must drink.
l'll expect my payment
by the end of the week.
It's always a pleasure
doing business with you.
-Fuck off.
-Clearly the pleasure is one-sided.
She's no fan of the fang.
She tolerates us because our blood
is of such great value to healers.
Now, careful. You'll overcook her.
All right.
-All right.
-Thank you.
The area has been scanned.
Tracks were human,
but the smell was distinctly animal.
What kind?
-A filthy one.
-We didn't recognize it.
How intriguing.
Send an alert through
the appropriate channels.
Find out what the neighbors know.
And, Pam...
...those were great pumps.
-I don't wanna move her.
-Of course not.
-|'|| make sure she's taken care of.
-l'm not leaving her.
Longshadow kept a coffin in back.
He liked to feed before resting,
so it might be a bit messy...
...but you're welcome to it.
I wanna thank you for your hospitality.
And for saving Sookie's life.
I'm sure there's a way she can repay me.
That's delicious, Karl.
Could use a little more juniper.
Yes. Yes, of course. You're right.
What's all this?
Oh, I'm having a few people over.
How many people?
You know, I don't remember.
-Karl will make you breakfast.
-That's okay.
I'm more of a breakfast-for—lunch
kind of girl.
But coffee's great. Thanks, Karl.
I don't think I'll ever get used to people
just doing things without me even asking.
Karl knows that if he wants
to find fulfillment in life...
...he needs to learn to be of service.
So everything he does for us
is really a selfish act.
Maryann, why does Sam hate you?
Sam hates me?
Practically jumped down my throat
after you left last night.
Kept saying I need to stay away from you.
Why would he say that?
Well....
I mean, I barely know the man...
...but if I had to guess, I'd say jealousy.
-You two have a history.
-Yeah...
...but we're better as friends
than sleeping together.
We both know that.
Tara.
Still not valuing yourself.
You are a fantastic woman.
Sam lost you.
He's just looking for someone to blame.
But why you?
Because you've moved on.
And hopefully I've been a part
of making that happen.
Sam seems like a sensitive,
wonderful guy...
...but all my instincts scream "unevolved."
You're right.
That man has way too many issues.
And they are not your problem.
Unlike Karl, you've done enough
taking care of people to last a lifetime.
Holy shit, that's beautiful.
It's even got a filter?
Little technique I picked up in Ibiza.
Adorable, isn't it?
Oh, fuck it.
I don't have to be at work till 4.
Hey, Terry.
Thanks for coming.
You taking a trip?
Something like that.
-Where to?
-Not sure yet.
Well, I ain't been a lot of places...
...but better here
than all the places I've been.
Yeah.
Hey, so listen, I was hoping
you'd take care of the bar for me.
You know, just till I get back.
Yeah....
I don't know, Sam.
I like cooking.
It's quiet back there and....
I ain't so good with people.
If I were you,
I wouldn't be my first choice.
Well, actually, you're not.
I can't reach Sookie.
And who knows where the hell
Lafayette is.
Arlene's got enough on her plate.
-And Tara--
-Don't like the pressure.
Tara's--
She's going through
some personal stuff right now.
So you're all I got.
Will you do it for me, buddy?
Well, I guess I ain't got no choice.
I appreciate it.
Appreciate it.
I'll get you a set of keys after closing.
So you're just gonna cut and run.
Just like that.
I'm not running.
Remind me never to get stuck
in a foxhole with you.
Coward.
He used me up...
...till he got bored...
...and then he left me to die.
I thought he loved me...
...but I was nothing...
...but his living, breathing
snack machine.
Thank you for sharing your story, Missy.
That was very brave.
May his holy light shine on you.
Praise his light.
Jason? Is there something
you'd like to share?
No, thank you.
I ain't much of a sharing kind of guy.
Remember, we all signed
a vow of honesty.
-That's right.
-Are you wearing your honesty ring?
Yeah.
All right, but you ain't gonna like it.
Pretty much goes against
everything y'all have been saying.
You're safe here.
I ain't a vampire victim.
The fact is,
they've never done nothing against me.
My sister's dating one...
...and from everything I can tell,
he seems to treat her pretty decent.
Well, except for the biting,
but I think she likes that.
-Oh, no, please.
-What?
Go on.
My girlfriend, she staked
a vampire right in front of me.
His name was Eddie, and he was gay...
...but he was a real nice person.
He wasn't a person, Jason.
-A person wouldn't do that.
-That's right.
Would they?
Well, my Gran and my girlfriend
were killed by my best friend...
...just because he had a problem
with vampires.
And he was a person.
Look, I'm only here because
I thought God wanted me to be.
Thought maybe he had a purpose for me.
Some shit like that.
Beginning to see
that was just wishful thinking.
No, Jason, wait.
-Becky, take over for a second?
-Sure.
Let's pray.
-Hey, Jason. Just talk to me.
-There ain't nothing to talk about.
The first time I laid eyes on you, I knew
there was something special about this one.
I knew the Lord had sent you to me,
but it wasn't till today that I knew why.
-Why?
-Because we're so much alike.
Sarah....
No, we wanna see
the best in others so badly...
...that sometimes we overlook the worst.
Yeah, that kind of does sound like me.
When the vampires
came out of the coffin...
...I went with my big sister Amber
to march for their equal rights.
-Really?
-Two months later, Amber disappeared.
Got hooked on V.
I know they killed her.
Got rid of her body
in whatever way they do.
I'm sorry.
They stole my sister, Jason.
The same way they stole your girlfriend
and your grandmother.
And I know you believe Eddie
was your friend, but think about it.
If his kind never existed,
the people you love would still be alive.
Well, you're saying...
...ifl hadn't been too messed up
to protect them, they'd still be here?
No, you're just human, but vampires...
Everything they are,
down to their very blood...
...is seductive.
God.
God, I should have done something.
To save Gran, Amy.
All of them.
I know how much it hurts.
Trust me, that's why...
...if we can protect even one family
from this kind of suffering...
...then all the loved ones we've lost,
their deaths won't have been for nothing.
You know, sometimes...
...I wish I was dead too.
But you're not.
God needs you.
93» 2% 375-15
You don't have to carry
this alone anymore.
Give yourself to his light.
Let him carry this pain for you.
Pray with me?
Okay.
Heavenly Father, bless Jason...
...and protect his sister...
...and all those who are still out there
lost in the darkness.
You're awake.
I made you a tube-top sandwich.
Peanut butter and chocolate syrup.
That's very thoughtful, Ginger.
Oh, that's the thing about
being with vamps, ain't it?
You always forget to eat.
I've lost 37 pounds since I got thisjob.
Way better than a fat farm.
-Did Bill leave?
-Oh, he's resting in back, I think.
Do they make you stay here every day?
Well, sometimes Ijust
come in for deliveries...
...but these days
I've been coming in for--
Never mind all that.
You just finish up your sandwich
and go back to sleep.
God, I almost told her
how they threw Lafayette in the basement.
Eric says I can 't tell her.
Lafayette?
Why would Eric have Lafayette
in the basement?
I just work here.
Please don 't make me use that gun
under the cash register. Fuck.
Take me to him.
Now.
Oh, my God.
Lafayette.
-Lafayette.
-Sook, is that really you?
What have they done to you?
Do I look like a vampire?
You look awful.
I feel fucking worse.
I guess that means
I ain't a vampire then...
...which is good.
Uncuff him.
I don't have that key.
I swear.
Eric's gonna be so mad at me.
jesus have mercy.
I'm gonna get you out of here.
I promise.
That's a new song?
Yeah, well.
I didn't get serious till recently,
so I got a lot to learn.
Sounded pretty good to me.
Yeah? Thanks.
Ijust, you know, I love music.
I just wasted most of my life...
...trying to avoid doing the shit
I love the most.
Why?
I guess I just felt like....
If I was good at something,
it was probably just a waste of time...
...and if it felt good
I probably didn't deserve it.
You know, a couple days after
Maryann took me in...
...she put this guitar in my hands,
and I cried like a fucking baby.
It was the first time in my life
anybody's actually...
...encouraged me to do anything.
So....
I'm sorry, I--
Don't apologize.
Only thing my mama ever encouraged me
to learn was how to pour whiskey.
Oh, fuck me.
What?
-What?
-I was supposed to be at work...
...45 minutes ago.
I can give you a ride now.
How many of those have you had?
Four?
I think one DUI between us
is enough, don't you?
Besides, I am way too fucked up
to deal with Sam Merlotte right now.
Well, is he gonna fire you?
Maybe, but it's just a job.
And I go through those as fast
as I go through relationships.
-Maybe you haven't found the right one yet.
-|'ve had a lot ofjobs.
I ain't talking about that shit.
You still angry about our fight?
-Sookie, none of that matters anymore.
-You're right. I'm alive and in one piece.
Unlike my friend Lafayette...
...who Eric chained up like an animal
and left to bleed to death.
What?
You better not have known anything
about this, because if you did...
...I don't think I could ever forgive you.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
She's referring to the human
in my basement.
The human that traded
sexual services with a vampire...
...in order to sell his blood.
Which, as you know, is a grave offense.
His name is Lafayette.
You ought to be ashamed of yourself
for what you've done to him.
SooMe.
I'm glad you're feeling better.
And may I add,
that color suits you very well.
-Go to hell.
-Sookie, enough.
Oh, it's not nearly enough.
They've tortured him
and bitten him and shot him...
...and kept him down there
in his own filth for weeks.
Is this true?
Others would have done far worse,
and you know it.
You're gonna let him go right now...
...or I swear I'm going to the police.
I do not respond well to threats.
But perhaps we can come
to some sort of arrangement.
Please.
Hey, Tara.
So I guess you're not coming in tonight.
I get it.
You're pissed at me
for what I said about Maryann.
Look...
...Tara, I know you're smart, tough,
and you can take care of yourself.
And that's all I'm asking you to do.
Okay? Just keep your eyes open.
And take a good look
at the people around you.
And be careful, okay? Just be careful.
I know. I know I'm late, I'm sorry...
...but Lisa decided to give Coby
a nose piercing...
Well, now he's got an infection--
It's okay, Arlene.
Just go ahead and get changed.
-Is everything all right with you, Sam?
-Yeah. Yeah, everything's fine.
I thought Sookie's supposed
to be working tonight.
Oh, yeah, she was.
She called and asked me to cover for her.
Lord knows I owe her one after....
You know.
Nice and understanding
looks good on you, Sam.
Hello?
Anybody home?
Bill?
SooMe.
Hot chick, 2 o'clock.
Hi.
You mind if I join you?
|-- I mean, if you're alone.
I'm alone.
Hi, I'm Hoyt.
Jessica.
So this might sound kind of funny,
but I was just sitting there thinking:
"How come you don't ever
meet a nice girl, Hoyt?"
And then you just walked right in.
And how do you know I'm a nice girl?
Because of your smile, I guess.
You can tell a lot about someone
by the way that they smile, and....
You know, I watch people all the time.
You see? Oh, like that.
That's beautiful.
I could just--
I could stare at that all day long.
Day?
Yeah, right.
Did I say something wrong?
No. Of course not.
Okay. Okay, good,
because I don't wanna...
...scare you away or--
Would you like a drink or some--?
Or food?
You hungry?
You should try the chicken fried steak,
because it's--
It's like a chicken and a steak
got together and made a baby.
This delicious...
...crispy little baby, and....
I'll just have a bottle of Tru Blood.
B positive.
You're a vampire?
For real?
Wow, that is awesome.
A bottle of Tru Blood, coming right up.
So if I agree to go to Dallas...
...to look for this missing vampire,
you'll let Lafayette go?
No, you nearly died last night.
You are not going to Dallas.
Bill, I can make up my own mind.
I will pay all of your expenses,
of course.
And, yes, I will release your friend.
And I want $5000.
I've missed a lot of work
and I need a driveway.
Your human is getting cocky.
She will take 10,000,
and I will escort her.
-I don't think so, no.
-Yes.
Ten thousand and Bill comes with me
or it's a deal breaker.
You surprise me.
And that is a rare quality in a breather.
You disgust me.
-Perhaps I'll grow on you.
-I'd prefer cancer.
-You need to leave immediately.
-I will make travel arrangements...
...but I will need
your credit-card number.
Such a shame. I was hoping I could
convince Eric to let me keep you.
No, you already have enough pets.
No offense, but you ain't
exactly my type, bitch.
-Can I kick him?
-You can try.
Enough. Have Chow fetch their car.
I'll see you around, I'm sure.
Oh, don't bet on it, baby.
I'm retiring.
I'm done with you crazy-ass fuckers.
Done.
-It tastes good.
-This is the best soup I have ever had.
Right when I thought this party
couldn't get any fucking weirder...
...look who shows up.
You'd think Andy'd have better shit to do,
like, I don't know, solve a murder.
Well, you know what they say
about all work and no play.
Seems like you're pretty familiar
with the idea.
It's your fault I missed work
in the first place.
You're just too damn distracting.
-Mike Spencer?
-Howdy, Andy.
Great party, huh?
Less talking. More dancing.
Damn, Jane Bodehouse,
you are one fiery little hellcat.
Come on.
What you doing in there, pig?
Detective Bellefleur?
I'm so glad you made it.
Actually, I'm here because there's been
complaints about the noise.
They sent their best detective
to deal with it?
Well, I am flattered.
But Sheriff Dearborne should really
put your talents to better use.
-|'|| go turn off that music right away.
-Hate to be a party pooper...
...but you got a livestock permit
for that pig?
-What pig?
-That pig.
I don't know what you're talking about.
It was there a second ago.
-Have you been drinking?
-No, damn it.
I know what I saw.
I know what I saw, I'm a good cop.
Of course you are.
Everybody knows that.
Here. Why don't you stay
and relax a little bit.
Just one.
I am on the clock.
Come on.
Yes, God is love.
He's the force of love.
But how do we respond to forces
that block, undermine and destroy love?
Well, you cannot love evil.
You have to hate it.
So hating evil is really...
...loving good.
Good.
I never really thought about it that way.
Hate isn'tjust natural, Jason.
We need it in order to survive.
My father dedicated his life to God...
...to protecting the human race.
And they murdered him and his wife
and my baby sister in cold blood.
They're baby killers.
That's what they're capable of.
Now, if I didn't hate vampires...
...and do everything in my power
to avenge my family's death...
...what kind of man would I be?
-A pretty bad one.
-Yeah.
And what's going on out there is a war.
Not right now, Jason...
...but in general.
And we all gotta choose sides.
Now, you're either on the side of darkness
or the side of light.
-Light.
-There's no in-between.
Hope you boys saved room
for some banana pudding.
Oh, thanks, honey.
Oh, Sarah's pudding
is a little slice of heaven.
Don't go bragging on me
in front of the company.
Well, you stop being such an angel
and maybe I will.
I'm gonna go get the whipped cream.
You know, my wife must think
you're pretty special.
Really?
Well, Sarah doesn't whip out
her pudding forjust anybody.
God's got great things in store
for you, Jason Stackhouse.
Can you feel it?
Yeah.
Yeah, I feel it.
I always wanted to see the inside
of Vampire Bill's house.
So you get to live here?
It's pretty cool.
Not really.
I mean, it's full of his creepy old stuff.
And he makes me sleep in a hole.
Yeah.
My mama keeps her doll collection
in my closet.
Oh, you got a Wii?
-A what?
-A W-- You never played a Wii?
Oh, you'll love it.
Yeah, so you can race cars...
...or you can play tennis...
...or you can dance.
Or you can shoot people.
-Well, I've never done any of that.
-Well, here, I'll show you.
So-- May I?
Okay. So these are the controllers.
You just hold that like that.
No. No, don't do that.
You don't have to hide that from me,
that's natural.
How can you say that?
I mean, I have fangs.
And they just come out
and I can't control them, and--
This is so embarrassing.
I'd die if I wasn't already dead.
Don't be embarrassed
about what you are.
Because what you are...
...is great.
You think I'm great?
I like you.
I like you a lot.
And that's why I think
we ought to wait...
...you know, before we do anything else.
I've waited too long already.
You sure we can't take you
to the hospital?
Three jobs and I still ain't got
no health insurance.
Besides, the bullet went straight through.
I'll get my uncle to stitch it up
in the morning.
Your uncle the veterinarian?
He chops off steer nuts for a living,
I think he can handle a few stitches.
Don't worry, Sook. I'm fine.
You don't look fine.
Far as I'm concerned,
I spent the last two weeks at Club Med...
...drinking a margarita
and getting my chest waxed.
And I appreciate it
if you tell your friends...
...that's how I'll remember it.
That would be wise.
-At least let Bill help you inside.
-No.
Sook, I said I'm fine.
I used to get so mad...
...when people judged vampires
just for being different.
It's like they were judging me too.
I told myself their fear
was nothing but small-mindedness...
...but maybe that's just
what I wanted to believe.
Because the more open my mind gets...
...the more evil I see.
SooMe”.
...most of us...
...vampire, human, or othen/vise...
...are capable of both good and evil.
Often simultaneously.
You can't expect me to believe
that Eric's capable of anything good.
Not after how he tortured Lafayette.
I have had worse sheriffs.
I don't understand
how you can defend him.
He saved your life.
I can still hate him.
I hate that he may be putting you
in harm's way once again...
...for his own selfish reasons.
And I hate that he has shown you
the barbarousness...
...that we call justice.
If I could glamour it away for you...
...I would.
I'm glad you can't.
I'm sick of things sneaking up on me.
Rene and whatever the hell that was
that attacked me last night.
If I'm never gonna be safe...
...l'd rather know what to be afraid of.
Well, after last night...
...I hope that that doesn't include me.
I know there's darkness in you.
I know there is.
And it scares the life out of me.
But you're right.
There's goodness in you too.
And when I look in your eyes...
...that's what I see.
I feel so unbelievably
fucking good right now.
That's how you feel to me too, baby.
Got room for one more?
You guys are so beautiful.
I'm a licensed massage therapist.
Who wants to go first?
Oh, you got a big knot right there.
Tara. Oh, come on, Tara.
Hey, Tara. Hey, come on.
That girl in the tub was drunk.
I don't even know who she was.
It looked like you wanted to know her.
I just got carried away, that's all.
Yeah, you and everybody else out there.
Is this what Maryann's about?
Are you in the lifestyle?
Lifestyle?
That's just a bunch of drunk people...
...trying to let loose.
That's got nothing to do with us.
I don't give a crap what people
do with their own body parts...
...but there's no "us"
if this is your scene.
Goddamn it.
Oh, hell.
I wasn't gonna run off
without saying goodbye to you.
I'm sure gonna miss you, buddy.
All right. One last time.
Let's go. Come on.
Oh, you can't keep up with me.
See, I knew it.
Underneath that tough vampire exterior...
...you're nothing but a big softie.
Don't tell anybody.
That's a lot of pink, Bill.
But I'm sure Jessica will love it.
Yes, well, I remember when
ladies' clothing stores sold petticoats.
That's just weird.
Actually, I kind of miss them at times.
They left something to the imagination.
Unfastening them required a certain skill.
I think there's
a Halloween store around here...
...that might still have some.
You are such a tease.
I wasn't doing anything.
I wasn't gonna bite him.
It's okay.
Bill, don't.
What's your problem?
Come on in, the water's warm.
Fine. Suit yourself.
Were you just talking to that dog?
Daphne.
What are you doing here
in the middle of the night?
Same as you, I guess.
Just trying to cool off.
And I can't sleep.
See, I have this hard-ass boss.
He really laid into me this week.
Sounds like a jerk.
He's not all bad. He can be real nice.
To dogs.
Hey, listen, I'm sorry.
I've had a lot on my mind.
I know how hard you're trying, and I think
you're starting to get the hang of it.
I really do.
You're even worse at lying
than you are at being a boss, Sam.
But I'll take what I can get, so thanks.
You're welcome.
Is this water warm,
or are you lying about that too?
Oh, no, it's great.
Nothing like a midnight swim
to wash away your troubles.
You should try it sometime.
Yeah, I think | Will.
-You mean now?
-|t's a big lake, Sam.
I think there's room
for both of us, ain't there?
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah. I guess so. Come on in.